Anne with an E ## The Moira Walley-Beckett adaptation of L.M. Montgomery's Anne of Green Gables where 13-year-old Anne (Amybeth McNulty) is sent to live with Marilla (Geraldine James) and Matthew Cuthbert (R.H. Thomson). ## May 12, 2017 ## Netflix
Westworld ## The sci-fi western series from Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy was inspired by the 1973 Michael Crichton film of the same name and is set at a Wild West theme park created by Dr. Robert Ford (Anthony Hopkins) with human-like androids where guests are encouraged to indulge their fantasies and desires. ## Oct 2, 2016 ## HBO
Gossip Girl ## The O.C. moves to New York City's Upper West Side with a dash of gossip in the guise of Kristen Bell. ## Sep 19, 2007 ## The CW
Gilmore Girls ## Set in a storybook Connecticut town populated with an eclectic mix of everyday folks and lovable lunatics, Gilmore Girls is a humorous multigenerational series about friendship, family and the ties that bind. Thirtysomething Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) has made her share of mistakes inSet in a storybook Connecticut town populated with an eclectic mix of everyday folks and lovable lunatics, Gilmore Girls is a humorous multigenerational series about friendship, family and the ties that bind. Thirtysomething Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) has made her share of mistakes in life, but she has been doing her best to see that her college-bound daughter - and best friend in the world - Rory (Alexis Bledel), doesn't follow in her footsteps. That may be easier said than done, considering that the two share the same interests, the same intellect, the same coffee addiction and the same eyes. Rory is more serious than Lorelai, but there are tendencies, especially in the love department, that clearly indicate she is her mother's daughter. From the beginning, this unique mother-daughter team has been growing up together. Lorelai was just Rory's age when she became pregnant and made the tough decision to raise her baby alone. Gilmore Girls was the first series to make it to air supported by the Family Friendly Forum's script development fund. An initiative between some of the nation's top advertisers and The WB, the program is intended to offer a greater array of compelling family programming on network television. The strong and loving mother-daughter relationship portrayed in Gilmore Girls reflects the growing reality of this new type of American family. … Expand Set in a storybook Connecticut town populated with an eclectic mix of everyday folks and lovable lunatics, Gilmore Girls is a humorous multigenerational series about friendship, family and the ties that bind. Thirtysomething Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) has made her share of mistakes in Set in a storybook Connecticut town populated with an eclectic mix of everyday folks and lovable lunatics, Gilmore Girls is a humorous multigenerational series about friendship, family and the ties that bind. Thirtysomething Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) has made her share of mistakes in life, but she has been doing her best to see that her college-bound daughter - and best friend in the world - Rory (Alexis Bledel), doesn't follow in her footsteps. That may be easier said than done, considering that the two share the same interests, the same intellect, the same coffee addiction and the same eyes. Rory is more serious than Lorelai, but there are tendencies, especially in the love department, that clearly indicate she is her mother's daughter. From the beginning, this unique mother-daughter team has been growing up together. Lorelai was just Rory's age when she became pregnant and made the tough decision to raise her baby alone. Gilmore Girls was the first series to make it to air supported by the Family Friendly Forum's script development fund. An initiative between some of the nation's top advertisers and The WB, the program is intended to offer a greater array of compelling family programming on network television. The strong and loving mother-daughter relationship portrayed in Gilmore Girls reflects the growing reality of this new type of American family. … ## Oct 5, 2000 ## WB The WB Netflix
Narcos: Mexico ## The companion series to Narcos focuses on the rise of Guadalajara Cartel as Félix Gallardo (Diego Luna) takes charge while newly posted DEA agent Kiki Camarena (Michael Pena) begins uncovering information about Felix's plans. ## Nov 16, 2018 ## Netflix
Breaking Bad ## A chemistry teacher decides to start a Meth lab. ## Jan 20, 2008 ## AMC
House of Cards (2013) ## The US remake of the 1990s British political miniseries moves the shenanigans to Washington DC. After learning he won't be appointed to a coveted Cabinet position, House Majority Whip Francis Underwood (Kevin Spacey) and his wife Claire plan revenge on the administration he helped elect. ## Feb 1, 2013 ## Netflix
BoJack Horseman ## An animated comedy about the struggles of the former sitcom star (Will Arnett) who happens to be half-horse, half-man, while living in Los Angeles. ## Aug 22, 2014 ## Netflix
Freaks and Geeks ## The universal experience of teenagehood as lived by the regular old freaks and geeks in a Michigan high school, circa 1980, is the subject of this wistful comedy-drama executive-produced by Emmy-winner Judd Apatow and series creator Paul Feig. Revolving around the lives of freak and geekThe universal experience of teenagehood as lived by the regular old freaks and geeks in a Michigan high school, circa 1980, is the subject of this wistful comedy-drama executive-produced by Emmy-winner Judd Apatow and series creator Paul Feig. Revolving around the lives of freak and geek siblings Lindsay and Sam Weir (Linda Cardellini, John Daley), the show includes the everyday fears, humiliations and little triumphs of adolescents past, present and, no doubt, future,too. For sophomore Lindsay, life is getting difficult. Jolted by the death of her grandmother, she dons her dad's old Army jacket and fights the one-girl battle of McKinley High. The allure of being a champion "mathlete" is losing its appeal, and her goals of college and career feel somehow irrelevant. She's alienated. Luckily, though, she's not really alone. Drifting away from her studious friends, she finds herself increasingly drawn to others like her, the "freaks" who ' refuse to accept the status quo. Among them are Daniel (James Franco), a friendly but also a dangerous guy who seems to like Lindsay, as does his bud Nick (Jason Segel), who dreams of stardom as a rock-and-roll drummer a la Led Zeppelin's Jon Bonham. Then there's Ken (Seth Rogen), an acerbic rebel, and Kim (Busy Philipps), a tough girl who doesn't go easy on Lindsay. Meanwhile, Lindsay's freshman brother Sam navigates high school like a mouse in a maze. Threatened at every turn, and attracted to an unattainable cheerleader, Sam faces his own set of obstacles. But he has good friends. Sure, they're "geeks," but so is Sam. There's Neal (Samm Levine), a wise-acre, sci-fi loving geek, and bespectacled Bill (Martin Starr), a classic looking nerd who's unfortunately not as brainy as he appears. On the homefront, Lindsay and Sam suffer through the good intentions of their overbearing mom (Becky Ann Baker) and their hardwired dad Joe Flaherty), who turns every teen issue into a matter of life and death. Unfortunately the show was canceled after only 12 episodes had aired, this was due to the poor ratings obtained. A fan-led campaign caused NBC to broadcast three more episodes in July 2000, but these would not be seen until September of that year when the cable channel Fox Family aired them in syndication.… Expand The universal experience of teenagehood as lived by the regular old freaks and geeks in a Michigan high school, circa 1980, is the subject of this wistful comedy-drama executive-produced by Emmy-winner Judd Apatow and series creator Paul Feig. Revolving around the lives of freak and geek The universal experience of teenagehood as lived by the regular old freaks and geeks in a Michigan high school, circa 1980, is the subject of this wistful comedy-drama executive-produced by Emmy-winner Judd Apatow and series creator Paul Feig. Revolving around the lives of freak and geek siblings Lindsay and Sam Weir (Linda Cardellini, John Daley), the show includes the everyday fears, humiliations and little triumphs of adolescents past, present and, no doubt, future,too. For sophomore Lindsay, life is getting difficult. Jolted by the death of her grandmother, she dons her dad's old Army jacket and fights the one-girl battle of McKinley High. The allure of being a champion "mathlete" is losing its appeal, and her goals of college and career feel somehow irrelevant. She's alienated. Luckily, though, she's not really alone. Drifting away from her studious friends, she finds herself increasingly drawn to others like her, the "freaks" who ' refuse to accept the status quo. Among them are Daniel (James Franco), a friendly but also a dangerous guy who seems to like Lindsay, as does his bud Nick (Jason Segel), who dreams of stardom as a rock-and-roll drummer a la Led Zeppelin's Jon Bonham. Then there's Ken (Seth Rogen), an acerbic rebel, and Kim (Busy Philipps), a tough girl who doesn't go easy on Lindsay. Meanwhile, Lindsay's freshman brother Sam navigates high school like a mouse in a maze. Threatened at every turn, and attracted to an unattainable cheerleader, Sam faces his own set of obstacles. But he has good friends. Sure, they're "geeks," but so is Sam. There's Neal (Samm Levine), a wise-acre, sci-fi loving geek, and bespectacled Bill (Martin Starr), a classic looking nerd who's unfortunately not as brainy as he appears. On the homefront, Lindsay and Sam suffer through the good intentions of their overbearing mom (Becky Ann Baker) and their hardwired dad Joe Flaherty), who turns every teen issue into a matter of life and death. Unfortunately the show was canceled after only 12 episodes had aired, this was due to the poor ratings obtained. A fan-led campaign caused NBC to broadcast three more episodes in July 2000, but these would not be seen until September of that year when the cable channel Fox Family aired them in syndication. … ## Sep 25, 1999 ## NBC
Suits ## A corporate lawyer hires a genius college dropout as his newest associate. ## Jun 23, 2011 ## USA
The Simpsons ## Originally created by cartoonist Matt Groening, "Our Favorite Family," has graced the small screen in one form or another for over 20 years. The Simpson family first appeared on television as the subjects of interstitial "shorts" on The Tracey Ullman Show in April of 1987. The SimpsonsOriginally created by cartoonist Matt Groening, "Our Favorite Family," has graced the small screen in one form or another for over 20 years. The Simpson family first appeared on television as the subjects of interstitial "shorts" on The Tracey Ullman Show in April of 1987. The Simpsons remained a staple on The Tracey Ullman Show for three seasons until they premiered in their own half-hour series, on December 17, 1989. With the help of Jim Brooks and Sam Simon, Matt Groening's cartoon family turned into an instant success. Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics and everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has been a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The show has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, media and American life in general. Currently in its 21st season, The Simpsons has piled up over 440 episodes, over 20 Emmy Awards, a handful of music albums, countless endorsements and merchandise, and even made the jump to the silver screen in the summer of 2007 with The Simpsons Movie. And according to Matt Groening, "There is no end in sight."… Expand Originally created by cartoonist Matt Groening, "Our Favorite Family," has graced the small screen in one form or another for over 20 years. The Simpson family first appeared on television as the subjects of interstitial "shorts" on The Tracey Ullman Show in April of 1987. The Simpsons Originally created by cartoonist Matt Groening, "Our Favorite Family," has graced the small screen in one form or another for over 20 years. The Simpson family first appeared on television as the subjects of interstitial "shorts" on The Tracey Ullman Show in April of 1987. The Simpsons remained a staple on The Tracey Ullman Show for three seasons until they premiered in their own half-hour series, on December 17, 1989. With the help of Jim Brooks and Sam Simon, Matt Groening's cartoon family turned into an instant success. Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics and everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has been a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The show has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, media and American life in general. Currently in its 21st season, The Simpsons has piled up over 440 episodes, over 20 Emmy Awards, a handful of music albums, countless endorsements and merchandise, and even made the jump to the silver screen in the summer of 2007 with The Simpsons Movie. And according to Matt Groening, "There is no end in sight." … ## Dec 17, 1989 ## FOX
Weeds ## This series is a single-camera comedy about a single mother who makes ends meet by selling marijuana in the fictional suburb of Agrestic, California. The series exposes the dirty little secrets that lie behind the pristine lawns and shiny closed doors of homes in the of this gated community.This series is a single-camera comedy about a single mother who makes ends meet by selling marijuana in the fictional suburb of Agrestic, California. The series exposes the dirty little secrets that lie behind the pristine lawns and shiny closed doors of homes in the of this gated community. Mary Louise Parker stars as the suburban mom who resorts to selling weed to support her family after her husband unexpectedly dies. Jenji Kohan executive produces and writes the series. Beginning with the premiere of the fourth season, the show shifted it's premise in almost it's entirety by relocating the cast to the fictional border town of Ren Mar after Agrestic burned to the ground. From here Nancy gave up her green thumb and began trafficking drugs over the border. Airing Information: First Season: Preview of pilot aired on Sunday, August 7, 2005 on Showtime at 10 PM EST with repeats on the following Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 10PM EST. From then on episodes aired first on Mondays at 10PM EST with repeats on Mondays right after the episode premiere and on Wednesdays, and Fridays at 10:00PM EST and approximately 10:30PM EST and Sunday at 10:30PM EST. Second Season: The season premiere will air on Monday, August 14, 2006 on Showtime. Third Season: The season premiere will air on Monday, August 13, 2007 on Showtime at 10 PM EST. Production Information: Produced by Lions Gate Television in association with Titled Productions. Weeds has received a 10-episode commitment for it's first season. It was renewed after Weeds received a Golden Globe Nomination and the two leading ladies received nominations also. The 13 episodes of the second season were filmed. Theme Song: "Little Boxes" by Malvina Reynolds Awards and Nominations: 63rd Annual Golden Globes in 2006 1. Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy: Weeds (Showtime - Lions Gate Television, Inc.) Nomination 2. Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy: Mary-Louise Parker (Nancy Botwin) Won 3. Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television: Elizabeth Perkins (Celia Hodes) Nominated… Expand This series is a single-camera comedy about a single mother who makes ends meet by selling marijuana in the fictional suburb of Agrestic, California. The series exposes the dirty little secrets that lie behind the pristine lawns and shiny closed doors of homes in the of this gated community. This series is a single-camera comedy about a single mother who makes ends meet by selling marijuana in the fictional suburb of Agrestic, California. The series exposes the dirty little secrets that lie behind the pristine lawns and shiny closed doors of homes in the of this gated community. Mary Louise Parker stars as the suburban mom who resorts to selling weed to support her family after her husband unexpectedly dies. Jenji Kohan executive produces and writes the series. Beginning with the premiere of the fourth season, the show shifted it's premise in almost it's entirety by relocating the cast to the fictional border town of Ren Mar after Agrestic burned to the ground. From here Nancy gave up her green thumb and began trafficking drugs over the border. Airing Information: First Season: Preview of pilot aired on Sunday, August 7, 2005 on Showtime at 10 PM EST with repeats on the following Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 10PM EST. From then on episodes aired first on Mondays at 10PM EST with repeats on Mondays right after the episode premiere and on Wednesdays, and Fridays at 10:00PM EST and approximately 10:30PM EST and Sunday at 10:30PM EST. Second Season: The season premiere will air on Monday, August 14, 2006 on Showtime. Third Season: The season premiere will air on Monday, August 13, 2007 on Showtime at 10 PM EST. Production Information: Produced by Lions Gate Television in association with Titled Productions. Weeds has received a 10-episode commitment for it's first season. It was renewed after Weeds received a Golden Globe Nomination and the two leading ladies received nominations also. The 13 episodes of the second season were filmed. Theme Song: "Little Boxes" by Malvina Reynolds Awards and Nominations: 63rd Annual Golden Globes in 2006 1. Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy: Weeds (Showtime - Lions Gate Television, Inc.) Nomination 2. Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy: Mary-Louise Parker (Nancy Botwin) Won 3. Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television: Elizabeth Perkins (Celia Hodes) Nominated … ## Aug 7, 2005 ## Showtime
The Following ## Retired FBI agent Ryan Hardy (Kevin Bacon) is pulled back into service to find escaped serial killer Joe Carroll (James Purefoy). ## Jan 21, 2013 ## FOX
Altered Carbon ## Set 300 years in the future where consciousness can be stored digitally, a soldier named Takeshi Kovacs (Will Yun Lee/Joel Kinnaman) awakens in a new body when he is freed from prison by Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy), who wants him to find who killed his previous body in the sci-fi seriesSet 300 years in the future where consciousness can be stored digitally, a soldier named Takeshi Kovacs (Will Yun Lee/Joel Kinnaman) awakens in a new body when he is freed from prison by Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy), who wants him to find who killed his previous body in the sci-fi series based on Richard K. Morgan's 2002 novel Carbon.… Expand Set 300 years in the future where consciousness can be stored digitally, a soldier named Takeshi Kovacs (Will Yun Lee/Joel Kinnaman) awakens in a new body when he is freed from prison by Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy), who wants him to find who killed his previous body in the sci-fi series Set 300 years in the future where consciousness can be stored digitally, a soldier named Takeshi Kovacs (Will Yun Lee/Joel Kinnaman) awakens in a new body when he is freed from prison by Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy), who wants him to find who killed his previous body in the sci-fi series based on Richard K. Morgan's 2002 novel Carbon. … ## Feb 2, 2018 ## Netflix
Orphan Black ## Sarah (Tatiana Maslany), a British orphan now living in America, witnesses the suicide of a woman named Beth, who looks exactly like her. Assuming Beth's identity brings Sarah a new apartment, a nice boyfriend, and trouble that includes a deadly conspiracy. ## Mar 30, 2013 ## BBC America
The Good Wife ## Alicia (Julianna Margulies) returns to her previous career as a lawyer after a scandal brings down her politician husband (Chris Noth). ## Sep 22, 2009 ## CBS
Stranger Things ## Set in Indiana, a young boy named Will (Noah Schnapp) disappears into thin air in 1983 and the search for him that includes Will's best friend Mike (Finn Wolfhard), leads to top secret experiments and a strange little girl (Millie Brown) in the woods. ## Jul 15, 2016 ## Netflix