The Big Bang Theory ## Created by writer/producers Chuck Lorre (of Two and a Half Men) and Bill Prady (of Gilmore Girls) comes The Big Bang Theory, a sitcom that shows what happens when hyper-intelligent roommates/physicists Sheldon and Leonard meet Penny, a beautiful woman moving in next door--and realize they know next to nothing about life outside of the lab. Rounding out the crew are Howard Wolowitz, who thinks he's as sexy as he is brainy, and Rajesh (Raj) Koothrappali, who suffers from an inability to speak in the presence of a woman. The show distinguishes itself by being unafraid to toss scientific references and technobabble into an otherwise standard sitcom, even employing a physicist to keep things accurate. In doing so, it allows Sheldon and Leonard to do for science what Frasier's Crane brothers did for fine dining, art, and opera. Theme Song: "The History of Everything" by Barenaked Ladies. The series won 10 Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series - Jim Parsons, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series - Jim Parsons, Outstanding Technical Direction, Camerawork, Video Control for a Series - The Higgs Boson Observation, Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series - Bob Newhart: The Proton Resurgence, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series - Jim Parsons, Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series - The Cooper Extraction, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series - Jim Parsons, Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series - The Comic Book Store Regeneration, Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series - The Opening Night Excitation and Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series - The Holiday Summation.moreless ##  ## CBS
Law & Order ## Law & Order, the longest running crime series and the second longest-running drama series in the history of American broadcast television, started its 18th season on NBC in the winter of 2008. The brainchild of creator Dick Wolf, Law & Order is the most successful brand in the history of primetime television; the winner of the 1997 Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, it ties Cheers and M*A*S*H for the most consecutive best series nominations (eleven) and the longest-running drama series currently on American television. The series has also turned into one of entertainment's preeminent brands using a distinct ripped from the headlines format, and has spawned the successful spinoffs Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Crime & Punishment, Law & Order: Trial by Jury and Law & Order: Los Angeles. Filmed entirely in and around New York City, this realistic yet fictional drama looks at crime and justice from a dual perspective. Law & Order has been renewed through 2009 and delivers some of the highest ratings on television, ranking fourth for any drama on any network among adults 18-49 for the past four full seasons. Season-to-date, the show remains a top-25 series among adults 18-49, a top-20 series in total viewers and one of the most upscale dramas on television. Law & Order was also television's #5 drama in overall total viewers for the 2003-04 season with an average of 15.9 million viewers. The acclaimed crime drama has chased away more than 20 competing dramas from the Wednesday (10-11 p.m. ET) hour since moving to that time period in 1992-1993. In 2006, after nearly fourteen years of airing at 10:00 PM, the series was moved to 9:00 PM to make room for the new NBC series Heist. After only two weeks, NBC opted to return the show to its 10:00 P.M. timeslot after the show fared poorly at 9:00 P.M.moreless ##  ## NBC (ended 2010)
black-ish ## A father living in an upper-middle class neighborhood struggles to raise his children while ensuring they have a sense of cultural identity. Complicating his efforts is the fact that there are constant contradictions coming from his liberal wife, old-school father and his own color-blind kids. ##  ## ABC
Grey's Anatomy ## Grey's Anatomy is a medical drama about a group of surgeons working at Seattle Grace Hospital. The show centers around Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and her life as a resident at the hospital. In addition to her relationship with her neurosurgeon husband, Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), and best friend Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh), it also explores her relationships with her peers and the other doctors around her. Each episode dives into different medical cases and personal dramas of the doctors at Seattle Grace, with Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) at the helm of the surgical department as the new Chief of Surgery. ##  ## ABC
Buffy the Vampire Slayer ## In every generation there is a Chosen One. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the Slayer. Sarah Michelle Gellar stars as Buffy Summers, The Chosen One, the one girl in all the world with the strength and skill to fight the vampires. With the help of her close friends, Willow (Alyson Hannigan), Xander (Nicholas Brendon), and her Watcher Giles (Anthony Stewart Head), she balances slaying, family, friendships, and relationships. For five years Buffy slayed vampires on the WB; then for her last two seasons she went to UPN. Theme music by Nerf Herder. ##  ## The WB (ended 2003)
Supernatural ## Supernatural features stars Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki as Dean and Sam Winchester, two brothers who travel the country looking for their missing father and battling evil spirits along the way. Sam Winchester is a college student bound for law school, determined to escape his family's past - unlike his older brother, Dean. Ever since they were little their father has been consumed with an obsession to find the evil forces that murdered his beloved wife, in result recruiting and training his two young sons to help him in revenge. They have grown up as hunters of the supernatural. Sam escaped under the premise of going to college, and now has a happy life with his girlfriend, Jessica, and a promising future career. Dean, however, stayed behind with his father to join him in his "hunting". Dean goes to Sam for help when their father goes missing. Now Sam must join his brother to find him. His one weekend trip to search for the missing John Winchester becomes an ongoing quest after a horrible tragedy ruins any thought of a happy life for Sam. The two brothers, bound by tragedy and blood to their mission, travel across the country encountering terrifying and dangerous forces most believe to be nothing but superstition and folklore, such as the Lady in White, the Indian beast known as the Wendigo, Phantom Travelers who cause plane crashes, Bloody Mary, vampires, demons and many more.moreless ##  ## The CW
Doctor Who ## "I'm the Doctor, run for your life!" A UK television staple, Doctor Who was revamped for the 21st century by the BBC, bringing the show back in 2005 after its cancellation in 1989. The Ninth Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) came and conquered but died saving the universe and his companions from the cursed Daleks. Regenerating for the ninth time, the Tenth Doctor (David Tennant) brought more secrets and dark sides of this universe. Past, Present, Future and beyond! After regenerating to once again save the life of a trusted companion, the Doctor (Matt Smith) is now on his eleventh incarnation. With new friends Amy Pond (Karen Gillian) and Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill), a newly revamped TARDIS inside and out, the Doctor is ready for more adventures in time and space. The Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) regenerated to become the Twelfth Doctor (Peter Capaldi). ##  ## BBC America
The Simpsons ## This is the 25th Treehouse of Horror in the Simpsons organized by Matt Groening. It is divided in three parts. Fox also said that one of the main characters will die in season 25. Bart loses his head and then finds it attached to Lisa's. Together they go to second grade and at night Bart finds out that when Lisa sleeps he is in control of her body. The Simpsons kids are sick and can't have candy or go trick or treating, but then comes the Fat in the hat (who is basically Homer) and takes them to the streets. Later Bart, Lisa, and Maggie try to escape because Fat in the Hat wants them to stay with him forever. A parody of cat in the hat of Dr. Seuss' rhyme books. At the long time ago circus Strongman Homer wants to take the devil creator's (Moe's) emerald, so he makes Marge marry him to later kill him, but Marge doesn't want to kill Moe, so she dumps Strongman. Meanwhile, a group of circus clowns and monsters kill Mr.Burns and take over the circus. moreless ##  ## FOX
Days of our Lives ## Like sands through the hourglass, so are the Days of our Lives... For over forty years, those words, spoken by the late Macdonald Carey, have introduced and underscored one of daytime drama's rare mainstays. NBC's Days of our Lives, will celebrate its 52nd anniversary on November 8, 2017. It first premiered as a half-hour drama in 1965 and expanded to an hour ten years later. Today, it remains a consistent favorite among viewers of daytime television serials. It is the powerhouse of NBC's soap opera lineup and demonstrates its staying power in television history. In its lifetime years, Days of our Lives has garnered numerous Emmy Awards, Soap Opera Digest Awards and People's Choice Awards. The show's success derives from its consistent commitment to excellence in writing and storytelling, supported by an ensemble of performers, and an uncanny knack for anticipating viewer interests. From demonic possessions and baby switches to exciting teen stories and love triangles, Days of our Lives remains a perennial favorite among viewers of all ages. Filmed in Burbank, California, Days of our Lives is set in the fictitious midwestern town of Salem. The core families are the Hortons and the Bradys, and the multi-layered storylines involve elements of romance, adventure, mystery, comedy and drama. Original cast member Frances Reid continues to star as Alice Horton. Days of our Lives is produced by Corday Productions Inc. in association with Sony Pictures Television. Executive producer, Ken Corday, is following in the tradition of his parents, Betty and Ted Corday, who co-created Days of our Lives and helmed the series for many years.moreless ##  ## NBC
Will & Grace ## Will & Grace is a hilarious series about two best friends. The twist is that Will is gay Grace is a straight interior designer. More than friends, but less than lovers, the two share a special bond and their personalities easily balance one another's. In addition to the stable Will and Grace, the show features Will's flamboyantly gay friend, Jack and Grace's sarcastic, spoiled, and boozy assistant, Karen. Will & Grace is the only series of such length (8 years) to have all of its episodes directed by the same director, in this case the talented James Burrows. Will & Grace is also one of the three series in which all of the main cast memebers won Emmy awards, with the other two shows being The Golden Girls, and All in the Family. Throughout its 8-year run, Will & Grace has been nominated for 83 Emmys, 24 Golden Globes, 14 SAG Awards and six People's Choice Awards. Among its 12 Emmy wins, the show won as Outstanding Comedy Series in 2000. In 2002, 2003, 2005, and 2006, it had more Emmy nominations than any other comedy series. Additionally, it's been nominated for an American Comedy Award, three GLAAD Media Awards and a Founders Award from the Viewers for Quality Television. NBC Broadcast History September 1998-November 1998 – Monday 9:30 December 1998-March 1999–Tuesday 9:30 April 1999-May 1999 – Thursday 8:30 September 1999-May 2000 – Tuesday 9:00 October 2000-January 2004 – Thursday 9:00 January 2004-April 2004 – Thursday 8:32 April 2004-September 2004 – Thursday 9:00 September 2004-December 2005 – Thursday 8:30 January 2006-May 2006 – Thursday 8:00moreless ##  ## NBC
